Hello and welcome to this tutorial.
All right.
Now time to build our very first AI because right now we've only made the manual of instructions with
the class but we haven't created any object yet.
And so we haven't a real actual AI yet but we are about to get it right now because we were able to
create one object of this class and this object will be nothing else than a name which will have a brain.
Anybody.
All right so let's do this.
It's actually very simple to do it now that we have defined everything with two classes.
So basically what we need to do is first create a brain because as you can see when we create any AI
we need to input a brain but we also inputs our bodies we need to create a body as well.
And then once we created a brain object in a body object Well we will be able to create the AI.
But no worries we will build the brain and the body and the flashlight and actually just do it right
now.
Let's start with the brain.
We're going to call the brain CNN because the brain is a convolutional neural network and it will be
an object of the same class.
So it makes sense to call CNN.
CNN equals and then we take our CNN class Stein and we put in parenthesis according to you.
Well at this point right now when creates an object of a class.
What we have to put is very simply the argument of the function.
And that's number actions and things to what we had previously when getting an environment where we
already have this number actions and therefore we simply need to input number actions here into the
CNN class.
Perfect.
So now we have the brain.
Now let's make the body we're going to create an object at the next point class and we're going to call
this object soughed next version that will be the value of our AI.
And this object is an object of the soughed next buddy class to which we have two inputs.
The only argument of the innate function of the soft next class which is the temperature T and therefore
input t that we have to specify value because so far t is just an argument to T equals.
And we're going to start with one that's a small temperature but this might work very well and actually
I already know this will work very well so that you can try with other temperatures you know how it
works now.
Your actions will be more sure of themselves.
There's action with the high school that you will have a higher probability to be selected as opposed
to the other actions which will have lower probabilities to be selected and therefore there will be
less explored.
But anyway we can start with one.
This will get us a good.
All right so now we have a brain.
We have a body.
So I guess it's time to make the final eventually.
So now you're going to see how things are going to become so simple.
It's when the intuition reaches its speech to make an AI.
We simply need to create a new object that we call of course AI from our AI class.
And since the eye is composed of a brain and a body we input the brain which is our convolutional neural
network.
The object and a body which is nothing else than the soft Mak's body object from the south very fast
and see we build an AI in a flashlight by just putting a brain in the body.
And now we have any ready to be trained.
So now it's time to launch the whole deep convolutional learning process with experience we play that
bonus eligibility trace on 10 steps and eventually once we have all this we will train the AI to make
it smart.
So can try to do this.
The next section is going to be about setting up experience replay.
So we're not going to implement it all over again like for the self-driving car because the good news
is that we already have it in print.
So that will be fast we'll just create an object of the replay memory class that is in this experience
replay file.
So that will help us a lot and therefore we will move on quickly to its new and most important that
is the train.
So let's take this in the next tutorials.
And until then I.